# CS-370-Project
CS-370-Project

The objective of this project was to create an AI agent that was capable of solving the maze in the Treasure Hunt Game using reinforcement learning. The starter code for this project included everything needed for the Treasure Hunt Game, the experience replay and the neural network code, and pseudocode for the Q-algorithm. Creating the Q-algorithm which is used to teach the neural network how to solve the maze, was the objective of the project. The Q-algorithm consisted of a for loop with a nested while loop. Each iteration of the for loop was an epoch and each iteration of the while loop was an episode. At the beginning of the for loop the AI agent is given a random cell to start at and the game is reset. The state of the game is collected and variables for loss and episode are set to zero. The while loop which runs until the game is won or lost begins and selects an action either by random if a random number is less than the epsilon value or by prediction by the model. As the reinforcement learning progresses more often the action choose is determined by the model. The action then takes place and the model records the state, reward and the game status (win, lose or not over). The action and state are sent to the experience replay, the model is trained and if the game is not over the loop repeats. If the game is over the next epoch begins.
Computer scientist solve problems by through tools and systems built from software which leverage information. The first step I take when trying to solve a problem is to understand what the problem is. What information I am starting with and what I am trying to accomplish with it. I then come up with a plan the for the problem create a prototype of the plan. If the prototype fails I go back and review the problem and figure out why the prototype failed and rework the plan and then the prototype. Typically when plaining I will break the problem into small steps so It is easier to identify where something went wrong. For example when planning I will have maybe 4 steps. I will get step 1 working then move on to step 2. When step 2 works I will combine step 1 and two to make sure they work together and then move on to step 3. 
One of the big emphasis in this class was ethics especially concerning users data and how it is collected and used. In general my ethical responsibility to the user is to create software that helps them and does not exploit or mislead them. When considering data that responsibility means that the software is not collecting their data without their permission and they know how it is being used.
